README.md, before:

# Group-Project-01: Best Artist Search Ever

## Purpose
Webpage was created to help people familiarize themselves with the artwork of 21st, 20th, 19th and 18th century. 

## Functionality
The user can enter an artist's name in the "Search by Artist" field in the "Artist" textbox to populate a list of artworks from the searched artist, which will be displayed in the middle of the screen.
![searchbyartistbox](assets/images/searchbyartistbox.png)
Image of the drawing can be reviewed by clicking on the space around the artwork name. 
The user can click on the button with the heart next to the name of the painting. Once the heart is clicked, the webpage will recognize the painting as a favorite and save the data of the painting in the "Favorites" box.
![Favorites](assets/images/favs.png)
The webpage also offers a search of paintings by century. Click on any century button in the "Search by Century" box, and the webpage will populate twenty random paintings from the selected century.
![Century](assets/images/century.png)


## Technologies Used:
* HTML
* CSS
* Javascript

## External Libraries/APIs Used:
* Materialize API
* Cleveland Museum of Art API 
* jQuery API
* Font-Awesome


## Link to the Webpage
(https://nolacoder.github.io/Best-Artist-Search-Ever/)
![main](assets/images/main.png)

## License
N/A

## Credits
* Jared Johnson
* Roy Logan
* Ali Celikay
* Tatiana Collins

Commit message:

adding readme disclaier for api cors issue

README.md, after:

# Group-Project-01: Best Artist Search Ever

## Purpose
Webpage was created to help people familiarize themselves with the artwork of 21st, 20th, 19th and 18th century. 

## Functionality
The user can enter an artist's name in the "Search by Artist" field in the "Artist" textbox to populate a list of artworks from the searched artist, which will be displayed in the middle of the screen.
![searchbyartistbox](assets/images/searchbyartistbox.png)
Image of the drawing can be reviewed by clicking on the space around the artwork name. 
The user can click on the button with the heart next to the name of the painting. Once the heart is clicked, the webpage will recognize the painting as a favorite and save the data of the painting in the "Favorites" box.
![Favorites](assets/images/favs.png)
The webpage also offers a search of paintings by century. Click on any century button in the "Search by Century" box, and the webpage will populate twenty random paintings from the selected century.
![Century](assets/images/century.png)

* Reminder that due to CORS issues, we are utilizing this cors demo implementation to allow the search queries to function. You can make queries functional for you client by following this link and clicking the button to acess the CORS Anywhere demo.


## Technologies Used:
* HTML
* CSS
* Javascript

## External Libraries/APIs Used:
* Materialize API
* Cleveland Museum of Art API 
* jQuery API
* Font-Awesome


## Link to the Webpage
(https://nolacoder.github.io/Best-Artist-Search-Ever/)
![main](assets/images/main.png)

## License
N/A

## Credits
* Jared Johnson
* Roy Logan
* Ali Celikay
* Tatiana Collins
